Tom:

k to define an agenda

Scott:

mhmm

Tom:

i have some glossy ui stuff

Scott:

what is that is that a virtual space or that's got a virtual space of course
this is where we worked

Tom:

out of

Scott:

oh hey

Tom:

hey that

Scott:

was our office when yeah we're

Tom:

don't say it

Scott:

doing our pirating yeah

Tom:

yeah that was the best still to this day it was awesome best office space best
office space i've ever ever had okeydokey so what i have done is i have taken
the last two recordings mhmm on youtube mhmm the ecosystem document from you

Scott:

mhmm

Tom:

and added in one or two extra definitions that i thought i needed

Scott:

okay

Tom:

and i've ended up with a set of reference definitions that whilst not perfect
are actually pretty good in my opinion

Scott:

not perfect is absolutely fine because that's the whole point of the renders to
put to figure out

Tom:

where yeah and so what i wanted to show you actually was i wanted to do an eval
on the system to get some feedback from you on how good these definitions are
and so to do that what i'd like to do is imagine that you were talking to a bot
about the dreamcatcher mhmm and i'd like you to ask it some questions and then
we'll see what it says okay so what

Scott:

what level because there's various

Tom:

dealer's choice

Scott:

ways to cut and slice this

Tom:

dealer's choice

Scott:

okay so i'm going to channel my internal dev guy has been asked to solve our
stock that's you know so i know nothing about this and what definition does this
know about just naps

Tom:

doesn't matter

Scott:

does it know about stocks doesn't matter

Tom:

okay you imagine you are a reasonably smart dude you've heard about the dream
catcher you've turned up and now you're talking to the dream catcher bot and
what do you wanna say

Scott:

okay

Tom:

you can ask it you can you can be as expert as you like in the dream catcher and
ask a very expert question or you can be a complete noob i don't care i just
wanna test the breadth of the system because applying your principle of having
very tightly non duplicated highly compressed definitions that are internally
consistent gives excellent results from a bot i think i've i'm getting good
results out of a bot now and this is me asking for help doing an eval

Scott:

okay so right i'm gonna start by i've just turned up but i'm a super smart guy
that super smart is channeled through me actually in real life knowing what this
is i'll just say that is is gonna get all the he's gonna get it but he needs to
be told it so i'd say something like hey i've turned up i see it's stuck i think
i can solve that there's these naps things how do i get paid

Tom:

can you see my text yep

Scott:

i can

Tom:

yeah is that a correct transcription

Scott:

it

Tom:

is and is that a reasonable prompt to add at the top this line

Scott:

using definitions and code definitions answer the following question yeah yep
okay let's roll let's see what happens

Tom:

let's see what we got

Scott:

so yeah i'm gonna go to through the scenario is super smart guy turns up doesn't
know much about the system can see a solution that is really obvious to him and
he just you know wants to know how okay first become a contributor

Tom:

so what did we get here based on the definitions here so you can get paid for
solving problems on the platform first become a contributor by providing your
solution contributors are recognized when others actually use consume their work
two you have a few paths to get paid a direct trading traders can offer you
assets for your contribution after seeing its value they essentially become late
funders by paying for already completed work the forward commitment demanders
can commit to pay for your solution once it's completed is this helpful if i
read it off here

Scott:

are you yep yep

Tom:

or you wanna just skim it with your own eyes or what yeah

Scott:

so project backing funders might support your work directly and it's like this
stock doesn't have any funders behind it so i'm still

Tom:

wait wait you're asking the next question right

Scott:

yeah yeah

Tom:

how can how do you evaluate this answer

Scott:

okay good question i'll ask okay i'll go summationally based on the definitions
here here's how you can get paid for solving problems on the platform first
become a contributor okay i'm just thinking so i need to sign up that's fine and
one of the attributes of being a contributor is that contributors are recognized
when others actually use or consume their work okay fine so if i become a
contributor recognize i i get recognized okay it's not the same as getting paid
but alright you have a few paths to get paid direct trading traders can offer
you assets for your contribution after seeing its value alright so i'm if i do
it and it's a value then i could get paid at that point after it's done but they
need to see the value

Tom:

mhmm

Scott:

they essentially become late funders by paying for already completed work okay
so i could just turn up and do it and i get paid if it's useful

Tom:

mhmm

Scott:

yeah alright that's good forward commitments demanders can commit to pay for
your solution once it's completed okay so there's a stuck there that if it's not
solved yet but it doesn't need a usage to get paid it just needs completion
alright yeah okay so if it's good if i do the work and it goes through the some
form of at this moment i don't know anything about what completed means i get
paid once it is done project backing funders might support your work directly if
they see value in the suit that c is a bit wooly project backing funders might
support your work directly if they see value in this solution how is that
different from demanders is what i'm thinking at the moment i'm channeling my
inner smart but new so i would ask what's yeah what's the difference between
demanders and funders it sounds like they're both doing the same thing

Tom:

do you wanna finish the review of the first piece before i enter the

Scott:

yep number three actual payment happens through payment paths sounds good that
means money and your contributions value is calculated by attribution algorithms
based on actual usage and contribution of your solution yeah okay so if if it's
useful i'm gonna get paid through something called an attribution argument i
have no idea what that is yet but roll with it sounds like if it's useful i'll
get paid you can use the estimation tool to get an idea of potential value
before committing something oh that is good so i could be go off building
websites or i could be solving the stock estimation tool will tell me you know
you're probably going to get this but there's no promises but you're probably
gonna this is the evidence showing that this might be a ten thousand dollar
problem and i'm looking at getting you know five hundred dollars a day for five
days and i think i could solve this stuck in one day then i'm making an internal
rational agent in evan smith's world rational agent decision saying is more
valuable for me even given the fact that i don't know yet about attribution
algorithms it's more valuable given the estimation tool oh that's a really good
point an estimation tool is gonna be really important isn't it

Tom:

yeah this has been a very valuable exercise for me because when i'm filling in
the definitions i suddenly realize oh i need an estimation tool and then

Scott:

so yeah i am

Tom:

so it's been really hard work but it's been really really useful

Scott:

the key point is that value is determined by actual usage rather than just the
exist existence of your solution now at that point if i am like a script kiddie
i'm going but if i'm actually skilled i'm gonna go i know i can solve this stuff
in like an hour an estimation tool is saying it's worth ten thousand dollars i
know it's not gonna be that but it's gonna be within an order of magnitude ish
mhmm and i could either do that or get paid my day rate i'm gonna i'm gonna go
for that the key point is that value is determined by actual usage so what that
the important thing there is if i feel ballsy about my own skills i'm gonna go
hey yeah that's a good thing if i feel uncertain about my skills as in i don't
know what anyone else is doing whether this will actually be used probably
you're just gonna you know cash in on the day rate on building websites

Tom:

if you know you suck stick to your name

Scott:

if you know you well if you suspect you suck yeah then you're probably gonna go
nah but if you know you're good you're gonna go this is spot on that's a pretty
good rendering actually

Tom:

pretty good right

Scott:

yeah it's pretty good

Tom:

so pretty good and that's that's the thing that you set us on was if you can get
a lot a number of highly coherent definitions together then your responses are
pretty damn good yeah and i think that's a pretty good different i think that's
a pretty good

Scott:

it's it's pretty solid now in the scenario thinking i'm trying not to forward
you know insert my knowledge of what's gonna happen yeah so i'll be saying right
okay so this sounds good i'm balls at my work and i know i can solve this stuff
in an hour and the estimation tool is saying it's ten thousand dollars worth and
it's like no way i could get that for an hour's work mhmm it's like okay so the
forward commitments demanders can commit to pay for your solution once completed
and funders might support your work directly if they see value that to me seems

Tom:

that's the edgy bit right yeah okay so yeah if i ask the is is the question that
i'm about to ask good how is two b different to two c yes yeah okay so before we
do that i wanna add on a benefit that's not talking about the bot's response in
any way but it's just pointing out that in that last line the value is
determined by actual usage not even the best companies get that privilege
because you can work really hard and make a really good thing and then get no
payment

Scott:

well this is why the vcs work on the one to ten principle yeah only one company
that they back is actually gonna make money

Tom:

or

Scott:

they don't know

Tom:

they don't know right and even better so many good ideas get distorted with the
requirement to attach a business model to it yeah and that business model
inadvertently chokes the spread of the idea which could actually result in even
greater revenues or some kind of transformation or change that can rapidly you
know

Scott:

that's that's the that is that's worth noting actually because when you're a
start up and you're going it's like i need some guys to help me i can't just do
this myself so i need to pay these guys something and you go to a vc or an angel
and the first thing they ask is business plan now the thing with the business
plan is you're choking off you're you're asking to predefine where this is gonna
be useful

Tom:

that's right and it also prohibit it prohibits you from pivoting pivots are
really hard in the vc world a true pivot is just simply you wanna find value but
once you've committed to a business model a pivot is like oh hang on buddy

Scott:

yeah and you and i both know the the effort that's required when you've stated
one thing to the board and and the next month you go everything's changed

Tom:

yeah right

Scott:

and you just you just look you know you

Tom:

look stupid but you ain't lying yeah so so i guess it the the the really subtle
thing that's very profound here is that you can using this model if it works the
way we expect it can give a business case to pure utility so you can turn up and
do something that's just simply useful right and the business model is included

Scott:

yes yes now and then coming out of character a bit the usefulness really comes
down to proof of demand and proof of funders and maybe if you want to really go
out there in kinda high risk world you saw the stock that you see but none of
the demanders have actually

Tom:

that's right that's right that's right those are the big value big value items
yeah

Scott:

okay

Tom:

yeah alright so i'll press the enter button

Scott:

good rendering yeah

Tom:

yeah it's pretty damn good right it is good yeah

Scott:

yeah i like it i like it

Tom:

and this took me so all of today all of yesterday and half of the day before so
let's call it three days and was derived from your document plus two youtube
recordings right that's not right that's not a lot to go on that's not right and
i'm i'm hurriedly trying to just skim through this because i'm like this is not
my main job this is not my job but yeah i can i can see a point where we you and
i can merge and i want that i want that

Scott:

the interesting thing is after this recording this will be a third youtube so
let's stick that back in

Tom:

yeah yeah that's what i'm really trying to get at is a is a is a platform a
stability point that we can increment upon and just notch it forwards slowly but
slowly but slowly to squeeze the you know because we're in the we're in the
logarithmic gains area now for sure the the the yeah the juicy part of the log
curve has passed

Scott:

or the with all log rooms it's the doubling time is the key

Tom:

yeah

Scott:

and having renders i think improves the doubling time yep as in reduces the
doubling time

Tom:

so the the thing that has enabled this for me has been cursor and its ability to
do multi file edits but also these long context chats where multiple files are
pulled into the context that's what's enabled it for me i couldn't have done it
without that

Scott:

yeah nice alright i'll i'll hit i'll hit

Tom:

the enter key let's see

Scott:

i'm really curious to see what it says here because the gold dust is if it says
something wrong true

Tom:

that's that's yeah because where where i hope we can get to is i think that from
this point on we might be able to correct and refine just by having a chat about
it like we are now and we just talk through it in-depth and then just transcribe
it use our tools to ingest it and then yeah

Scott:

oh yeah and then refine it okay so what we got here what's it saying

Tom:

looking at the definitions here are the key differences between demanders and
funders demanders make forward commitments to use or pay for resources after
completion demanders pay less than funders since they don't support development
costs demanders are specifically requesting something they want to use types
include project initiators and resource requesters k funders provide financial
support upfront in capital letters take more risk by funding during development
support broader initiatives infrastructure types include project backers and
infrastructure investors so the key difference is timing and risk demanders say
i'll pay you when it's done lower risk lower reward funders say i'll pay you now
to build at high risk high reward so that's wrong this is reflected in the
attribution algorithm calculations where the funders typically receive more
attribution for taking on early risk right so we've got that wrong because the
funders are yep so this is growing

Scott:

yeah something in the base bedrock that it's got the the definition of the
demanders and funders needs to be tightened well i'd i'd go oh

Tom:

well that as you can see the funder definition is somewhat lacking okay okay
okay and then demander active demander little bit better but not that much

Scott:

but here's the the golden thing right so it got it wrong even though the
previous response was spot on

Tom:

and

Scott:

when challenged it got the wrong answer so now the ooda loop

Tom:

is ooda loop kicks in yeah the incremental improvement yeah yeah yeah and this
is this is good this is good

Scott:

so i don't know whether we can do this on the fly here but what would then
happen is we're going to another thread saying well i should take this
conversation and the base rock and here is the response this response is
incorrect update the base base rock and then rerun the evals make sure you

Tom:

haven't broken anything yeah yeah yeah that's what would happen okay okay we can
we can keep we can keep going if you want i wanted to touch on some of the other
topics i had to cover today

Scott:

this is your your your call man or whatever you want

Tom:

so i would i would love to be able to show you how to do this so that you could
play with it at your own leisure i think that given the difference in time
between when we'll have our platform and when you can start using cursor it i
don't think the learning curve is that much to use it in this narrow field and i
think it would pay out to sort of struggle through the pain of getting this up
and running

Scott:

and i i think that's just a matter of me playing with

Tom:

a cursor suffering just straight up

Scott:

finding out where the tiny little icons are hidden

Tom:

it's

Scott:

probably really useful stuff

Tom:

i know so to get the to get the effect of what i just did here mhmm you have to
go first of all up here to normal chat you need to switch that to long context
chat because otherwise it will only insert embeddings or chunks of the files
that you reference to

Scott:

what what view are you on so top right hand corner in chat okay yeah

Tom:

yeah and then you go you have to go at folders and then insert that folder yep
so that then is rag is it it is rag but because it's long context it inserts the
full or as much of the full context as it can oh you got

Scott:

previous chats there so

Tom:

what previous chats oh you can this is just the history that i can switch over
to

Scott:

oh so the previous the

Tom:

previous chats are all here

Scott:

yeah so the the scenario that we just gone through where we're having a
conversation about result this one then presumably it would be a matter of
saying at gold at chat and then saying we were talking about the difference
between builders demanders and funders yeah and that's wrong and here's why is
wrong

Tom:

oh okay you wanna do that alright so

Scott:

okay

Tom:

i i haven't figured out a good way to do voice this is clunky but it works

Scott:

so don't laugh it sounds sounds sounds like

Tom:

sounds like everything right now sounds like this whole futuristic world right
it's like hey someone build a machine that can think okay how do i use it it

Scott:

reminds me of that star trek theme around the first guy who did warp drive he
was like he's like drunk guy who was a genius working in a post apocalyptic
world and he created warp drive and it's like yeah it's maybe it work maybe it
won't it's really clunky and good luck to you

Tom:

okay so i'm gonna do the talking because i don't think that your voice can make
it through to the voice recognition and then i'll speak and then you can correct
me after okay okay so i can see that your definition file for demanders and
funders is wrong demanders make forward commitments to pay for use but it's not
really after completion it it is implied that it's after completion they're
really just using it in their day to day usage and so in that sense they're
paying a very small price like the amount that would typically be part of a saas
subscription and they're not offering to pay something that approaches your
labor costs but what what it what happens is that there's typically thousands or
even hundreds of thousands if your work is popular of all these little
subscriptions rolling in and so the demand is really saying that they would
wanna pay consumer rates for it if it was there you should really only pay
attention to that signal if the number of demand is in the amount that they're
saying is a meaningful amount they are not project initiators and they are not
resource requesters so remove that completely from all records now to correct
you on the funder's definition they don't provide the support upfront they put
money in that will be released once the job is done and that is to protect their
funds because it's sort of like escrow but isn't it's really a prepayment for a
service to be returned when the contributor work has passed the automated qa
function and just a quick reminder there to make a definition for a qa function
which is not an actor but a important component within the system it's a type of
algorithm once the contribution has been accepted as meeting the requirements of
the stuck only then the funds that the funder put in released now typically the
funder would be paying some kind of amount that would cover labor costs because
the idea is that they get someone to do labor to produce the thing and as a
result once consumers start to consume it and pay for the consumption both the
contributor and the funder will get their fair share as determined by the
attribution algorithm what'd you think of that is there anything you wanna add
there

Scott:

yeah there's a few things before i see the text okay the thing there's couple of
things i would say okay i'm gonna read this through okay so oh can't see the
screen now if you go

Tom:

back to your transcription to the transcription yeah

Scott:

okay so i can see that your definition file for demanders and funders is wrong
demanders make full commitments to pay for use but it's not really after
completion it's implied that they are

Tom:

look i'll tell you i'll tell you what i'll tell you what's probably a more
efficient work path is that if i'm get these changes made to the funders like
because you really don't care about this text you care about the definition of
funders and demanders and so yes if i get that inserted then yeah i'd i

Scott:

would also say that it should be implied so if you go if you scroll up what up
no in your previous one in karcher you scroll up to your request what's how is b
to b different to to c what i expect is it would infer that what you're asking
for on the previous prompt is how do i get paid and it should add in about
traders

Tom:

i don't think that's a strong enough request to make okay you know like

Scott:

that yeah yeah yeah okay fair enough right okay stick that in and then

Tom:

and then let's you and i work on your correction should be about saying
something about the definition of funder and demander as opposed to correcting
my my

Scott:

murmurings and and helping out the definition of say demander for example in
that what we're looking for is an aggregate statistical use so each demander
tries to do something individually and it doesn't do it if one demander fails if
a thousand fail if it's a hundred thousand fails okay that's important

Tom:

alright so here's the i think it's important for you to experience this bot this
is the response that it came back with

Scott:

okay i see thank you for your important questions they commit to pay normal
consumer subscription rates yep value comes from aggregate volume alright that's
the point i just made actually you know this is a statistical game at demanders
level they are not project niches and that's correct their signal is only
meaningful when aggregate demand is yeah i hear that's spot on actually spot on
it's exactly right

Tom:

you know why and you know why it's because even though my speech wasn't a
hundred percent it has all the other definitions to back it up too yeah that's
why and they all it just amplifies it makes it so much easier for it to get it
right it's brilliant i've actually it's it's been quite a hard couple of days
but i've loved it

Scott:

well i was just about probably to bang on for ten minutes about the points that
it just made succinctly in four bullet points

Tom:

that's the point that's the point

Scott:

yeah so for funders don't pay upfront i've rather commit funds that are held and
interestingly yeah is avoided using the word escrow because it's not quite
escrow because you can withdraw it

Tom:

yeah yeah yeah yeah funds are

Scott:

released after contribution passes automated qa is true payment amounts that
approximate labor costs that is not true because we don't have an idea of an
hourly rate labor costs imply that hey my labor cost is like five hundred quid a
day that's that's not true share in future consumer revenue alongside
contributors through attribution is oh hang on

Tom:

hang on let's correct these things while we're going then so don't pay upfront
but rather commit funds that are held i made this addition that funders can
claim back their funds at any point up until the qa approves the contribution
yep funds are released after contribution passes automated qa we agree with that
right yep pay amounts at approximate labor costs it's not that's not what i
meant they pay similar to that are similar to labor costs because they are
intended to incent labor

Scott:

but

Tom:

it's because it's really what am i trying to say though like i'm only trying to
say that it's typically gonna be more than what a demander would pay like demand
is like yeah i'd use that and i'd probably pay fifty cents a a month yeah yeah
whereas a funder is like i'll give you a hundred bucks now obviously that's not
gonna get a lot of labor done but if you got like you know twenty thousand if
you got like sorry if you got like ten funders putting in a a hundred bucks
that's a meaningful amount to pay for someone's labor that's sort of what i'm
trying to get at there

Scott:

i i agree and if we add into the end of that so they pay a much similar to labor
costs because they're intended to incent incent labor however they do not
reference day rates they reference the expected value which may be more or less
than what the contributor thinks their labor is worth therefore are subject to
market forces yeah good that's good that's good okay so going down the bullet
points sharing future consumer revenue alongside contributors through
attribution that that's maybe a minor point on i'm under funders the fourth
bullet point they are funders are contributors so it's not alongside
contributors their funding is a contribution the very fact that even if they

Tom:

oh hang on buddy i'm not i'm not taking on any more text

Scott:

oh yeah yeah okay yep

Tom:

you just i can't type think and reason all once

Scott:

yeah it's

Tom:

alright i hope you're still okay so i've got that down what was the immediate
point after that

Scott:

it is it's a nuanced point

Tom:

is it in relation to this one

Scott:

yes it's not alongside contributors funders are a type of contributor

Tom:

funders yes i agree with that that's heavy right like that's fucking heavy as
shit

Scott:

what i'd end that with is consider consider these corrections and reconsider
your last response

Tom:

no no no no no no no no we wanna we wanna actually get the you're trying to
prompt

Scott:

well yes because we don't

Tom:

want to hang on no no no but hang on

Scott:

we don't want to commit we don't want to commit yet

Tom:

well we we haven't committed because it its last thing was would you like me to
draft the new qa function definition and the corrected versions right it's
asking for permission before continuing so i think this is because this is oh
alright

Scott:

okay so you don't have to you said it because no

Tom:

no no because this is and and besides this is claude this is claude's sonnet
three point five this is not

Scott:

the the the the plight area of ai yeah the plot is a lot claude's a sort of ai
that you know your daughter should bring home to have dinner and want to marry

Tom:

if i have a daughter and if she brings home a qa like the

Scott:

the yeah if she brings back o one it's like no get out of here man

Tom:

shut the fuck up take your tokens and go somewhere else

Scott:

okay alright yeah i got it so because i asked that last question yeah yeah we
don't need to say that it's like okay so yeah hit it more like escrow payment
than upfront is there anything you want to say about that one it's slightly
wrong it's not escrow it's how would how would we describe that don't say the
word escrow since it implies a bunch of dispute resolution it is prepayment it
can be claimed back by the funders at any point yeah yeah do we want to that
that is a meaty prompt so probably we don't want to add in the fact that if
someone does work against what fund is required and the funder pulls their funds
then they they have the record on the contribution that the consumer sorry not
the consumer the contributor as rights do you know it's it's considered their
work the funder puts in something pulls out that is considered your work yeah
and but also if it is say if all funders this is don't don't type this but this
is the point of making if all funders pull it then you've still created a piece
of work if it's past qa or it's not past qa but it's close say if it's like oh
that's so close then you just do a tweak and all the funds are pulled out then
that contribution is any attribution that is useful goes to the person that
actually built the thing so it doesn't actually matter if the funders pull out
it's just not ready money you're gonna have to wait but you haven't lost
anything still yours or still your contribution will come to you through
attribution even if all the funders pull out i'll shut up and let you type
because i think you get it

Tom:

thank you

Scott:

and all the attribution would go to you there's our final damn shim a trader

Tom:

okay i think that's pretty damn complete right

Scott:

yeah the only thing i see

Tom:

is oh no another only thing go

Scott:

one last thing

Tom:

one last thing

Scott:

the word tight tighten up the word you on then all attribution would go to you

Tom:

two lines of your cursor that's fine that's fine you should get it who's

Scott:

who's you you haven't alright okay fuzzy man fuzzy we're not trying to okay
we're not trying to write a mathematical formula c point one yeah

Tom:

they said that this this big bot is actually pretty good at being sloppy it's i
don't know that this is the reason for it handling my sloppiness so well but
there's like this it feels like this huge amplification the fact that all these
other definitions have been very tightly and concisely worded it almost sets the
tone like an overwhelmingly large set of examples

Scott:

absolutely absolutely

Tom:

it seems to just bloody well get it you know like and and it yeah

Scott:

if you jumped in you know one piece and asked what it's about and then probably
say it's about russians the tighter you can get the stuff that you're asking it
to consider the tighter your answers by far might as well see what it said thank
you for your valuable blah blah blah can with withdraw funds anytime before qa
approval based pay based on expected solution value correct are actually types
of contributor once qa approves correct oh oh we're getting into nuance i know
we're we're looking at the yeah rather than the actual

Tom:

yeah i actually need to get moving and multiple rounds of this will correct it
up including the transcription of this discussion as well

Scott:

yeah but the the process here is really useful and now so we've tightened up a
whole bunch of

Tom:

do you wanna finish reviewing this because i'd like to complete these documents
before we move on

Scott:

i can do but don't prompt it because these transcripts should pick it up so

Tom:

no we're here we're here already let's just hit go and then it'll write the
things and then there's one more

Scott:

okay if you scroll up a bit let me go through this pay alright pay based on
expected solution value not the bill rates is correct are actually a type of
contributor once qa approves it doesn't need qa to approve it to be on the
contribution ledger

Tom:

yeah but that they're not named as a type they're not recognized as a type of
contributor if they yank they're not called a funder anymore

Scott:

oh i see that's the thing about four calls ago we're talking about you know
being parsimonious about what we put onto the contribution ledger yeah okay

Tom:

yeah they're in there for state changes but that's not that is a form of
contribution but that's almost like a level of detail below what we need for
launch

Scott:

yeah because you can almost you know dose this by

Tom:

funding cooling yeah yeah yeah yeah

Scott:

that's fine the reputation withdrawal history matters for estimation yes it does
wow that's a good inference

Tom:

told you buddy

Scott:

yeah

Tom:

things are getting good

Scott:

i'm i'm impressed by that market dynamics value expectation create market forces
well it's just yeah of course it does multiple funders reduce withdrawal risk
yes absolutely traders balance market inefficiencies over time yes distribution
can flow entirely to contributor if funders withdraw yes terminology use
prepayment not escrow fair enough that would do avoid day rate references yes
before drafting one clarifying question oh for the estimation tool definition
should we expand it to explicitly include funder reputation assessments

Tom:

yes please yes please

Scott:

good point well made thank you bot yes please claude

Tom:

it's

Scott:

this thing it feels like a superpower doesn't it

Tom:

thunderjelles right

Scott:

yeah it's like oh yeah yeah should've said that this paradigm is really

Tom:

it's solid dude it's solid yeah this tool plus the paradigm plus all this
suffering that we've been through is is making this actually a bit of a breeze

Scott:

yeah alright but in we've got new definitions

Tom:

new new deaths incoming okay so what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna

Scott:

be good to get the deaths out in those depths

Tom:

calm down buddy

Scott:

calm down

Tom:

it'd be good to just if you could just hurry the fuck

Scott:

up and just it's like cracker came for like you know do something oh

Tom:

you're one of those greedy guys on the pipe you're like i was like where'd the
bag go maxwell

Scott:

hand over go on no one likes an impatient cracky it's like put your give me your
pipe and put some more bob dylan on alright so i'm gonna go to

Tom:

apply okay so this is a bit of a bug this is a bit of a bug that that they've
got and i know how to fix it typically it would do all this automatically but
sometimes it bugs out when the context gets massive

Scott:

yeah okay yeah

Tom:

so i'm gonna i'm gonna do this one at a time and then i'm gonna show you the
diffs so that you can put the pipe down and we can get on

Scott:

let's call it a conch rather than a pipe oh i don't know no no it's a different
thing isn't it a conch mhmm what are the fines okay here we go hold on buddy
hold on the slow

Tom:

you you'll notice pretty quickly that the slowest part of the system is the
human

Scott:

yeah well it's absolutely it's the slowest part but also is the most error prone
part you're the most error it has that spark that ais can never have because
they're always backward looking being derivative of what's already been thought
of

Tom:

it's funny right like man i'm like kinda feeling really powerful as a human but
also very humbled

Scott:

yes yeah so i'm

Tom:

gonna accept that one because it was a brand new file so we'll review it in a
second yep who's the slowest component in the chain humans humans yeah

Scott:

man this workflow is awesome

Tom:

i could not have even dreamed of being able to do this much documenting this is
probably the grand sum total of all the documenting i've ever done in my life
has happened in the last two days

Scott:

i mean anyone who actually knows how to do things hates documentation

Tom:

oh because it's just painful

Scott:

yeah and and also it's a bit like coding but it's not coding and you're dealing
with natural language and documentation and natural language

Tom:

this feels like talking to a really smart attentive guy yeah or girl i guess
whatever

Scott:

the i think guy and girl guy counts for girl and boy i think i don't know i
don't know

Tom:

what the

Scott:

fuck dude i think guy is like amorphous but androtonous

Tom:

and now there's a couple of other ones i'll just get it going while it's here
we'll we'll deal with these ones first and then we can come back because it's
like there's some other related definitions that i need to update and so we'll
let it come back to that

Scott:

man can we take a step back and see sessions like this

Tom:

using this tool damn hot potato right like yeah hot potato hot potato now here
we go buddy so what do you wanna do first demando

Scott:

yep let's see what screams out is wrong a type of actor correct that commits to
pay standard consumer subscription rates for using platform resources or
services cracked description demanders precipitate in the platform ecosystem by
committing to pay normal consumer rates for resource usage crack contributing to
aggregate demand signals through the commitments so there's a t's and c's there
providing ongoing revenue streams the regular usage payments sort of they could
always cancel but yes essentially the value of demander commitments comes from
volume and individual payments are small to place our subscription rates but
significant when thousands of demanders commit to using a solution that demand
signals are only meaningful when accurate demand represents substantial
potential value yeah yeah key characteristics makes requests for future oh it
doesn't make requests it implies yeah it implies requests

Tom:

no i think a demander can make requests they're like i want this sure

Scott:

it it can do but it's like an ab test you do an ab test on a website and through
aggregate usage no single person has demanded that you change the button to
orange but you through aggregate use of demand you can show that you need to
change

Tom:

it oh okay yeah well that that probably needs to be defined in the mechanics of
the system as in how demand is identified which i would class as an
implementation detail because whether whether they made it directly or the tool
calculated it for them i think it amounts to the same yeah thanks

Scott:

it's it's that hat switch thing you said about seven calls ago

Tom:

the seal clubbing switch

Scott:

yeah commits to future asset exchange does it does the commander

Tom:

commit to future future asset exchange is basically saying i'm gonna pay you i'd
pay x if you did y

Scott:

oh so innovation because is it sort of like innovation of a contract

Tom:

no it's just simply saying i'd pay you five bucks to use that thing if it was
here the asset exchange is the five bucks

Scott:

i'm fuzzy on that one can you reward that please

Tom:

a demander indicates that they want a particular feature and they can they
demand with an asset which can range from zero to something i think that this is
more detailed than i wanted to go into at this stage about demanders but i think
that

Scott:

there's a bit of flag there's a bit of flag in there

Tom:

yeah yeah put a flag in the ground the idea i think for demanders is that they
simply say what they want and then rely on the price setting part of the
attribution algorithm to say how much that will be because if they start saying
a fixed amount then that touches on funder too much whereas if they're just
simply saying yeah i'd use that and allowing the attribution area there isn't
there so it's

Scott:

like feedback things like i'd love you if you guys could do this button in
orange

Tom:

yeah yeah and then it says and then attribution algorithm would figure out what
that's worth that's a demander yeah and that also encompasses the demands that
came from a tool looking at what you're doing and saying oh he'd really love
this or he would need this

Scott:

yeah yeah yeah so there's a thing there's a nuance here that we just uncovered
on demander that there is a direct and indirect request for features

Tom:

the indirect is correct you know people have to do

Scott:

this and they failed and then someone says come on guys can you make this button
orange

Tom:

yep and so alright direct and indirect requests can both be demands but they
stop being demands and become funder activity if a fixed amount is put against
it rather than just saying that you would do you would use it change

Scott:

your hats and saying yeah

Tom:

i really want this bunch

Scott:

of orange i'll give

Tom:

you a

Scott:

few bucks yeah

Tom:

yeah yeah that's right okay cool now this types thing what

Scott:

is that about types appreciate initial

Tom:

i'll just wipe that out that got pulled in from your ecosystem doc

Scott:

hold on a second types

Tom:

i told it to remove that but it didn't

Scott:

resource request no we don't need that we don't need that

Tom:

alrighty and so alright i'll call demander done yeah yep

Scott:

can you give me a second i just need to just pinging away she's about to go and
do stuff oh okay this is valuable and so i want to stay here

Tom:

we can if she's she's going off to work buddy i mean that's golden time right
it's probably time for me to head off as well

Scott:

shall we could you give her she's actually off off work but she's taking stuart
out oh okay to do his work so what what's your time frame

Tom:

i gotta go like now i'd love to go now

Scott:

let's let's wind up there alright

Tom:

how do i get the i'll what i'll do is i'll just save the rest of the things and
then we can carry on at a later date from where we left off

Scott:

exactly because even if the rest of the things are wrong then because we render
it in chat

Tom:

yeah the repeated the yeah the recital the refinement will catch it you know
like one day or another so that's why we can save a bit of time and not stress
out about being perfect because this if the more we go through the process the
more and and that should really take the breaks off us because we no longer need
to get every little detail right we just can sort of like you know incrementally
improve it right

Scott:

yeah that's an interesting point that is perfectly okay to save halfway through

Tom:

yeah

Scott:

i was like okay we got halfway through

Tom:

just let me show you what it does here this i think you will like

Scott:

alright i'm gonna say two seconds well okay i'm just porting text

Tom:

yeah but yeah look it's gone through and found out some other stuff that it
thinks needs to be updated and you know it's basically just proactively keeping
the whole dataset in line

Scott:

constant iterative approval

Tom:

yeah yeah it's great it's fucking great

Scott:

alright i'll i'll i'll let you go buddy i'll put this thing up online and

Tom:

then i'll save these things for appraisal another time

Scott:

take this transcription and then feed it back in

Tom:

i know yeah that's that's

Scott:

that's that's so beautiful isn't

Tom:

it it's good right it's good it's a good cycle

Scott:

yeah alright alright man i will see you tomorrow morning or tomorrow morning

Tom:

sounds good buddy

Scott:

good time

Tom:

i'll see you then

Scott:

alright see you man peace
